Reconciliation of duplicate values in publication. Fixes #953 (#967)
KnowledgeCaptureAndDiscovery/somef: docs/output.md

- `acknowledgement`: Any text that the authors have prepared to acknnowledge the contribution from others, or project funding.
- `application_domain`: The application domain of the repository. This may be related to the research area of a software component (e.g., Astrophysics) or the general domain/functionality of the tool (i.e., machine learning projects). See all current recognized application domains [here](https://somef.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#myfootnote1).
- `application_type`: Software type: Commandline Application, Notebook Application, Ontology, Scientific Workflow. Non-Software types: Static Website, Uncategorized

> - `author`: Person or organization responsible of the project. This property is also used to indicate the responsible entities of a publication associated with the code repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `author`: Person(s) or organization(s) responsible of the project. This property is also used to indicate the responsible entities of a publication associated with the code repository.
```

- `citation`: Software citation (usually in .bib or .cff format). SOMEF extracts and structures the metadata from these files (including authors, titles, and DOIs) instead of just returning a raw string.
- `code_of_conduct`: Link to the code of conduct file of the project
- `code_repository`: Link to the source code (typically the repository where the readme can be found)
- `contact`: Contact person responsible for maintaining a software component.
- `continuous_integration`: Link to continuous integration service, supported on GitHub as well as in GitLab.
- `contributing guidelines`: Guidelines indicating how to contribute to a software component.

> - `contributor`: Contributors to a software component. Note: Contributor metadata is exported from metadata files (e.g., CodeMeta, CONTRIBUTORS, etc.) not from git logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contributor`: Contributors to this software. Note: Contributor metadata is exported from metadata files (e.g., CodeMeta, CONTRIBUTORS, etc.) not from git logs.
```

- `contributing guidelines`: Guidelines indicating how to contribute to a software component.
- `contributors`: Contributors to a software component. Note: Contributor metadata is exported from metadata files (e.g., CodeMeta, CONTRIBUTORS, etc.) not from git logs.
- `copyright_holder`: Entity or individual owning the rights to the software. The year is also extracted, if available.

> - `credit_text`: A formatted citation string used to provide credit for the software component, keeping it separate from any associated scholarly publications.

Reviewer: We include this in the schema.org export, but not as a new category.

| `description`         | `description`           | Project description |
| `developmentStatus`   |  `repository_status`     | Current development status |
| `downloadUrl`         | `download_url`          | Link to download the software |
| `funder`              | `funding`               | Organization funding the project |
| `funding`             | `funding`               | Funding details/grants |
| `identifier`          | `identifier`            | Unique identifiers (e.g., DOI, SWHID) |
| `issueTracker`        | `code_repository` / `issue_tracker` | Issue tracker URL (derived from codeRepository) or issue_tracker|
| `keywords`            | `keywords`              | Project tags or keywords |
| `license`             | `license`               | Software license |
| `logo`                | `logo`                  | Project logo URL |
| `maintainer`          | `maintainer`            | Project maintainers |
| `name`                | `name`                  | Software name |
| `programmingLanguage` | `programming_languages` | Languages used |
| `readme`              | `readme_url`            | README file URL |

> | `referencePublication`| `citation` (Papers)     || References to related publications/articles *1*|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `referencePublication`| `citation` (Papers)     || References to the main publication associated with this software component (as per author preference) *1*|
```

> | `releaseNotes`        | `releases`              | Release notes extracted from the release description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `releaseNotes`        | `releases`              | Release notes extracted from each release description |
```

> | `runtimePlatform`     | `runtime_platform`      || Supported runtime platforms |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `runtimePlatform`     | `runtime_platform`      || Supported runtime platforms (e.g., Python3, Java1.8)  |
```

```
As shown in the Turtle snippet above, SOMEF represents the software as an entity, its relationship with each release (software version), the license found in the repository and the Person who owns it.

## Citation Reconciliation

SOMEF implements logic to distinguish between scholarly publications and software citations when processing metadata (e.g., from `CITATION.cff` or README files). This ensures that metadata is correctly reconciled in the output:

-`referencePublication`: This field is populated with citations identified as scholarly articles. SOMEF identifies these based on the presence of specific fields like `DOI`, `journal` or by classifying them as `ScholarlyArticle`.
- `creditText`: This field contains citations that describe the software itself. When SOMEF detects that a citation refers to the repository tool (e.g., from the root of a `CITATION.cff`), it adds this information here to ensure the tool is properly credited, separating it from the associated academic papers. 
Example: 
```
    "creditText": [

>         "Garijo, D., Mao, A., Dharmala, H., Diwanji, C., Wang, J., et al. (somef: software metadata extraction framework). "

Reviewer: credit text should include the link to the software repository too

Reviewer: creditText is only used in schema.org export. 
We don't have the referencePublication category in somef. Only `citation` (with the preferred_citation flag). 
referencePublication and creditText are in the schema.org export.

    ],
    
  ```

> In the CodeMeta export, these categories are mapped to their respective fields, ensuring compliance with scientific metadata standards.

Reviewer: This is true, but the fields are slightly different from the ones you listed
